Hey everyone, welcome back to the development module.
Today we'll be talking about how to master adjust.
Adjust is a tool that I used to track revenue from ads,
send out affiliate links to X creators,
and also see which channels are bringing in
the most revenue when it comes to traffic.
This tool is great, but it takes a hell of a lot of time
to set up.
I had to get several devs.
I had to get so many independent people
to help me set it up.
So we won't be going over that today, sadly,
but I will be showing you how to use it
and how to be the best fucking data guy
for your company using Adjust.
So let's get right into it.
The website is adjust.com, and I have an account
I've already set everything up.
So again, I will be going over how I use it
in my day-to-day operations when it comes to Quiser.
So this is the full dashboard overview.
I don't know what this time period is.
This is seemingly the last month, or two months.
And it says we generated 1.1 million dollars of revenue
because we passed a revenue that we generate in the app
back to adjust.
So it just displays in the front end here.
It shows us the installs.
We don't have to track this manually.
This gets tracked automatically.
This is great.
And yeah, this is a very simple stuff
that you see in a bunch of platforms,
but we'll get straight into the meat and potatoes.
Let's go to campaign lab and custom links.
So anytime we put a blog out,
anytime we send out a link to an influencer
to put in that bio, anytime we work with an ex-affiliate page
to post the quitter link in the comments,
we send them an individual tracking link.
And you can see a bunch of names here.
These are campaigns.
So like there are 77 campaigns within the influencer channel.
And then you can see all of the influencer names under here.
And the way we structure this
is anytime we wanna create a new link.
Let's say it's an ex-affiliate or affiliate program.
You would click in the top right, new link.
You will call the channel ex-affiliates.
We'll call this test, for example.
You click next, next again, next again, next,
and then create link.
Boom, you've created an ex-affiliate link.
Now, if we wanna send this to specific pages
and see the ROI, instead of just seeing
the whole entire channel's ROI,
we will go to test at the bottom,
click on the campaigns, new campaign link.
And we'll do the influencer name as,
like let's just say this page is,
hourly shitpost, which is a real account
that we've partnered with in the past.
We'll go next, next, next, next, create link.
And now, anytime the hourly shitpost guy uses this link,
we will be able to see the revenue he's generated
for our business.
So it just makes the whole data part really, really simple.
When it comes to apps usually,
you don't know what you're doing.
Apple limits a lot of the traffic data
because they're so privacy focused.
So tools I could just really make it simple
to see the truth in everything you're doing.
So yeah, I would send this link to an influencer,
tell him to use that.
And then when you go back into the dashboard
and the overview, you will see it start to accumulate
under campaign name.
So for example, an influencer we've worked with
in the past, Moon, we can see that he's generated
3.2K in the last two months.
And that's just for his link alone.
And you can see the same different revenue breakdowns
for everyone else we've worked with.
Specifically like socials, so this is our main accounts.
Unknown is obviously not tracked.
We also have all of these meta ads.
So you can see these are made like 50,000, 30,000, 26,000.
And yeah, like adjust as a no brainer
when it comes to breaking down exactly what traffic
is bringing in, what revenue.
So you know how to and where to invest
all of your money back into.
And you know what?
Like that is the main thing I use it for.
I'll be honest, maybe there are other things.
But I use it for the affiliate links
and I absolutely love it.
And I suggest as you can see blogs
and this should be way more than 1K, which is weird.
But we have individual links for individual things we do.
So the main website has a custom link.
I think this is this link, 63 installs
that does not seem right.
Anyways, we have one link for the main website
and then for the blogs and the SEO, we have another link.
You can see that this is generating way more traffic
than the main page.
So instead of like, for example,
instead of giving the same link to the entire website
and just like assuming that the entire website is doing well,
you can attribute it to a specific part of the website.
For example, the blogs, we know blogs are doing very well
and have brought in $50,000, for example,
instead of just the domain bringing in 50K.
So you wanna get really specific and you want some,
just dive in there and like improve everything.
And then we also have the settings, so the app settings.
Once you go into here,
you wanna click into social sharing preview
and you wanna make this a very clear CTA.
For example, mine's called Quitter, Quip Pawn Now.
Join, this should be a million people.
Well, great for spotting that, guys, good stuff.
Join a million people on their mission to Quip Pawn today,
download now from the App Store and Google Play.
And then we have a really sick image.
And anytime this link is shared on social media,
this entire preview is shown and this serves
kind of like a converting landing page.
So yeah.
That's a just pretty simple stuff.
I didn't wanna dive too deep into it.
It is very confusing and complex
and there's a lot of shit going on,
but I stick to the essentials.
I use it for links, cost of links
and I also use it for ads.
And then the final thing about the sharing preview
is very important to get right.
For Cal AI, for example, you can call it say,
download Cal AI on the App Store today.
Join 10 million other people,
check in their calories on the iPhone or App Store,
which is very, very, very clear that there's an app
specifying that it's an app is very beneficial
when it comes to converting people
because they don't know if there's a product
they hate buying physical products,
they hate if it's a service, they hate services.
They just want an app.
That makes it really easy to download.
That makes it really easy to convert.
Hope that's very clear.
I might re-record this tomorrow, who knows I am tired,
but I will say I did cover a lot of the essentials
and if you guys need help setting up a just,
they have a full support team
when it comes to setting up your demo,
but yeah, good shit boys.